feat: react add mechanism to disable file items by exposing file state (#21446)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/FileUploader/FileUploader.featureflag.mdx

`onChange` and `onDelete` events are augmented with detailed file information
like `deletedFile`, `addedFiles`, and `currentFiles` on `event.target`.

> the `getCurrentFiles`and `setCurrentFiles` methods are available on the `FileUploader` component. which can be used to get and update the file state. which can be used to disable specific files based provided validations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `getCurrentFiles` and `setCurrentFiles` methods are available on the `FileUploader` component, which can be used to get and update the file state and to disable specific files based on disabled prop.
```
